README.md, before:

# terraform-nathan-s3-pipeline

Terraform module template following [Standard Module Structure](https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/create.html#standard-module-structure).

## Usage

This module is configured to take pokédex data and convert all the pokémon height data from meters to feet using a glue job running over an AWS s3 bucket.

After installation, you can run the module using the follow sequence of commands:

```shell
terraform init
terraform validate
terraform apply
```
The terraform apply command will prompt the user for aws access key credentials (the access and secret key). It will also prompt the user with a confirmation, in which the user will have to type "yes."

The user will then need to login to aws and view their jobs from their AWS Glue dashboard. The module will create a job called "transform_job" (a future update might allow the user to set this name). The user will need to first edit the job to use python v3.9 and then run the job.

After doing so, the output data will populate in the file titled "data-output.json." within the bucket titled "pipeline-bucket23.3451dw".


<!-- BEGINNING OF GENERATED BY TERRAFORM-DOCS -->

## Requirements

Terraform v1.5.1.
AWS account with an access key (and the corresponding credentials)


## Providers

aws

## Inputs

At present, all input data is kept with the repository.

## Outputs

Output can be collected from the s3 bucket after running the job.

<!-- END OF GENERATED BY TERRAFORM-DOCS -->


### Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/nathandroche/interview_assignment.git
```

Commit message:

added readme note and data source

README.md, after:

# terraform-nathan-s3-pipeline

Terraform module template following [Standard Module Structure](https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/create.html#standard-module-structure).

## Usage

This module is configured to take pokédex data and convert all the pokémon height data from meters to feet using a glue job running over an AWS s3 bucket.

After installation, you can run the module using the follow sequence of commands:

```shell
terraform init
terraform validate
terraform apply
```
The terraform apply command will prompt the user for aws access key credentials (the access and secret key). It will also prompt the user with a confirmation, in which the user will have to type "yes."

The user will then need to login to aws and view their jobs from their AWS Glue dashboard. The module will create a job called "transform_job" (a future update might allow the user to set this name). The user will need to first edit the job to use python v3.9 and then run the job.

After doing so, the output data will populate in the file titled "data-output.json." within the bucket titled "pipeline-bucket23.3451dw".

Note: the module is configured to run in us-east-2, so make certain to choose this locale when accessing the job from aws.


<!-- BEGINNING OF GENERATED BY TERRAFORM-DOCS -->

## Requirements

Terraform v1.5.1.

AWS account with an access key (and the corresponding credentials)


## Providers

aws

## Inputs

At present, all input data is kept with the repository.

## Outputs

Output can be collected from the s3 bucket after running the job.

<!-- END OF GENERATED BY TERRAFORM-DOCS -->


### Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/nathandroche/interview_assignment.git
```
